hey guys today we're going to show you
how to tie the Palomar knot we are using
braided line this is power pro thirty
pound test I usually use between 30 and
50 depending on what type of fishing i'm
doing but i'm going to use the rapala
x-rap for my demonstration so hopefully
this turns out okay for you so what you
want to do for the Palomar knot is
you're going to take your braided line
and stick it through the eye hole just
like this pull it through and then you
want to stick it back through so it
leaves you with the two ends of the line
and a loop on the other side just like
this now you want to tie a regular not
just as if you're tying your shoe but
don't tighten her up all the ways to a
super tight now I'm going to show show
you guys the trick that I don't know a
lot of people that do this but this is a
really good trick if you do not have
scissors with you you pull on you pull
them one side of the line until you
figure out which side is going to pull
the short end so all you do is you bring
in that short end all the way down just
so there's only a little bit left about
as much as you would cut off with your
scissors okay then you're going to take
the lure take the whole lure and put it
through this loop then take your line
going back to your real and pull it
tight
like so make sure she's on there good
and tight and there you have it the
Palomar knot this is a wicked wicked
strong not as you can see it does not
take long at all to do and you don't
even need scissors to tie it on so good
luck guys have fun fishing and I hope
this video helped you a lot